Update commercial_support.rst (#845)
qgis/QGIS-Website: source/site/forusers/commercial_support.rst

   :width: 75 px

|northriver| `North River Geographic Systems, Inc <http://www.northrivergeographic.com/>`_

> is a geospatial consulting firm located in the United States. We povide suport for QGIS,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is a geospatial consulting firm located in the United States. We provide support for QGIS,
```
